# LCC MythicMobs Utilities - Autogenerated Documentation

## Conditions

### Condition: `canattack`

Checks if an entity can attack another entity

Author:

### Condition: `sameparty`

Checks if the target is in the same party as the caster. Only works for players.

Author: 0TickPulse

#### Examples

```yaml
Conditions:
- sameparty
```

## Mechanics

### Mechanic: `slash`

Performs a slash. This slash is executed by calculating points along a circle.
This circle is calculated by fields like `points` and `radius`.
When used effectively, this mechanic can simulate a weapon's slash.
This mechanic also provides entity targeting and allows you to specify actions performed on targeted entities through the `onhitskill` field.
However, if you want more lenient targeting, you can use the `@EntitiesInCone` targeter provided by Mythic.

Author: 0Tick

#### Fields

- `xoffset`: Additional offset in the X-axis.

  Aliases: `xo`, `ox`, `xoff`

  Default: `0`

- `yoffset`: Additional offset in the Y-axis.

  Aliases: `yo`, `oy`, `yoff`

  Default: `0`

- `zoffset`: Additional offset in the Z-axis.

  Aliases: `zo`, `oz`, `zoff`

  Default: `0`

- `forwardoffset`: Additional forward offset. This is based on the caster's yaw and pitch.

  Aliases: `fo`, `of`, `foff`

  Default: `0`

- `rightoffset`: Additional right offset. This is based on the caster's yaw and pitch. This is equivalent to `forwardoffset` but with pitch set to 0 and yaw rotated by -90.

  Aliases: `ro`, `or`, `roff`

  Default: `0`

- `verticalOffset`: Additional vertical offset. This is based on the caster's yaw and pitch. This is equivalent to `forwardoffset` but with pitch rotated by +90.

  Aliases: `vo`, `ov`, `voff`

  Default: `0`

- `scale`: This mechanic takes the points and calculates a center point. Then, for each of the points, it calculates a vector from the center to that point. The size field simply multiplies this vector.

  Default: `1`

- `rotation`: The rotation of the slash in degrees.

  Aliases: `rot`

  Default: `0`

- `radians`: Whether to use radians instead of degrees for the rotation.

  Aliases: `rad`, `useradians`, `ur`

  Default: `false`

- `onpointskill`: The skill to perform for every point in the slash.

  Aliases: `onpoint`, `op`

- `onhitskill`: The skill to perform when the slash ends.

  Aliases: `onhit`, `oh`

- `radius`: The radius of the slash.

  Aliases: `r`

  Default: `2`

- `points`: The number of points in the slash.

  Aliases: `p`

  Default: `5`

- `arc`: The arc of the slash in degrees.

  Aliases: `a`

  Default: `180`

- `interval`: The interval between each iteration in the slash.

  Aliases: `i`

  Default: `0`

- `iterationCount`: The number of points each iteration will have.

  Aliases: `count`, `ic`, `c`

  Default: `1`

- `lineDistance`: When slashing, sometimes the target entities are in between the caster and the points of the slash, causing the entity not to be hit. In order to circumvent this, the slash mechanic also takes points in between each slash point and checks for entities there. This is the distance between each line point. Set to 0 to disable.

  Aliases: `ld`

  Default: `0.2`

- `hitRadius`: Each point in the slash checks for entities within a certain radius to determine if the entity was hit. This is the horizontal radius of each point.

  Aliases: `hr`

  Default: `0.2`

- `verticalHitRadius`: Each point in the slash checks for entities within a certain radius to determine if the entity was hit. This is the vertical radius of each point.

  Aliases: `vhr`, `vr`

  Default: `(The hitRadius field)`

#### Examples

```yaml
SlashTest:
  Skills:
  - slash{onpointskill=SlashTestTick;points=80;r=5;rot=<random.1to180>} @forward{f=0;uel=true}

SlashTestTick:
  Skills:
  - e:p{p=flame} @Origin
```

## Placeholders

### Placeholder: `jexl.<expression>`

Parses a [JEXL](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-jexl/) expression and returns the result.

Author: 0TickPulse

### Placeholder: `[caster|target|trigger|parent].mcmmo.party`

Returns the McMMO party of the entity. If the entity is not in a party or is not a player, returns an empty string.

Author: 0TickPulse

### Placeholder: `[caster|target|trigger|parent].standing_on`

Returns the block type that the entity is standing on.

Author: 0TickPulse
